>> Steve Kinney: Great, so
let's go through this one together, right?
So really the major goal here and
we'll talk about some of the other like
use cases for this so
once we implemented it.
But we want to separate
out the stateful container
from the presentational component.
And it's effectively up to you, which
way you decide to go about doing this.
I would argue that in this
particular case, it is
easier to rip out the presentational part
than it is to rip out the stateful part.
So we're gonna go that route.
I'm gonna do everything in
the same file just for clarity so
I don't have to jump around files.
But we'll actually have
the two separate very shortly.
So it's called application now,
which probably isn't the best name for it.
But we'll take out this
return part right here.
And this is the part that I'm gonna
need for the presentational component.
And so what we'll do is I'll
go up a little bit, and
I'm just gonna say,
>> Steve Kinney: class PizzaCalculator
>> Steve Kinney: extends Component.
And we'll give it a render method.
>> Steve Kinney: Cool,
and we need to do a few things in here.
First of all, I need to return that.
So we'll return that component.
All right, so ideally,
numberOfPeople is gonna come in as a prop,
SlicesPerPerson is gonna come
in as a prop, as well as reset,
updateSlices PerPerson,
and update numberOfPeople.
So let's get that ready.
>> Steve Kinney: numberOfPeople,
updateNumberOfPeople, slicesPerPerson,
updateSlicesPerPerson, and
reset = this.props,
these are gonna get passed in.
And let's do a little
bit of formatting magic
here,
>> Steve Kinney: Or
not.
>> Steve Kinney: 69,
it does not like the fact that
I have an empty return so
I'll actually say PizzaCalculator.
>> Steve Kinney: And
we're gonna give it
everything that it needs.
So we know that that is numberOfPeople.
>> Steve Kinney: We
know that updateNumberOfPeople
= this.updateNumberOf people.
>> Steve Kinney: slicesPerPerson,
we pulled off a state.
>> Steve Kinney: updateSlicesPerPerson
is on the class.
>> Steve Kinney: And
reset so and
so.
>> Steve Kinney: So
let's try to format that again.
All right, cool.
So we've pulled this out separate,
we have to change a few things in here.
We've pulled in as props.
We need to get rid of whatever this is
because they're now getting passed in.
Okay, so
while I'm getting rid of whatever this is,
number of pizzas can be
passed in as well so
let's do that.
>> Steve Kinney: Because that can get
calculated from the state and passed in.
>> Steve Kinney: So
this seems a little silly, right?
Like, I'm not gaining that much, but
imagine we're pulling this
information from a server, right?
It would be really hard to test that, in
order to test a component that both showed
the UI based on what it got
from the server, as well
as got the stuff from the server, you'd
have to mock out a bunch of HX requests.
Again, if testing is hard,
you're probably not going to do it.
So, this allows you to then be kind of
passing the object that you would expect
to get back from the API and see that
the components works as you would want it.
So also pull in that numberOfPizzas.
>> Steve Kinney: Let's
say I will get that last
to start reset out of here.
Okay, so now the moment of truth
>> Steve Kinney: And
we can see that it works.
We can see that number of guests works.
Check out slices per person.
>> Speaker 2: Use .updateSlicesPerPerson.
>> Steve Kinney: What's that?
>> Speaker 2: Line 79.
>> Steve Kinney: Yep.
>> Speaker 2: 79,79.
>> Steve Kinney: Auto complete
failure.
>> Steve Kinney: Cool.
>> Steve Kinney: And we can now change
the number of pizzas we have ordered,
right?
So again, in this case,
we were able to separate the two of them.
This is a lot more powerful when you're
pulling stuff from an API, right?
Which we will do later and we will make
use of this pattern when we get there but
we now know how to implement it, right?
And now you can basically put any of
these components anywhere in your app,
they're gonna have the state that they
need and then be able to render it.
But you might notice something
kind of limiting about
this which is that these
are definitely very tightly coupled.
We have what we'll call the
PizzaCalculatorContainer, it's currently
called Application, but we could
rename it PizzaCalculatorContainer and
then export the application
that has that one.
But what happens if I have
stuff with user data or
with the pizza calculations that I
want to use in multiple places in my
app with multiple different
presentational components.
This pattern doesn't sell for that, right?
It's a very simple to implement pattern
but it doesn't sell for, I have this state
that I want to test to multiple different
kinds of presentational components.
Which brings us to the next phase,
the lightening round.